Nonsense
Do you think I can't see it?
Your painting
Oh, it's an insult to call him a painting.
Naturally, Liu Shao won
Humph
Boy, what are you still doing?
If you can't see this phoenix esoteric picture again
I'll have you beaten up.
Ah!
master
Why don't you learn well, old man?
Learn to be a thief
Also for these wrong paintings
What do you know
These words are masterpieces
If only I could learn one or two of them
Oops, it will go down in history.
Oh you old man is funny
This is not my usual
Do you draw something for the children at the entrance of the village to play with?
Wait a minute.
You mean you drew these?
Otherwise, my name is still on it.
Okay, I don't have time to accompany you
My grandfather laughed himself.
Hey.
Master stay
Please accept me as a disciple
At your age
I take you as a disciple
Are you not afraid of losing your life?
Hey master
If you don't take me as your disciple
I'll die right here
Since we are destined
I'll show you
This pair
Phoenix Arcane Diagram
Can you go back and close it well?
Okay, don't be a thief in the future.
Or someone will beat you up
Don't look
Master walk slowly